Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
You must first learn to read and write a new language because computer aren't so forgiving when it comes to mistakes.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Think logically and to approach problems methodically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
 Focus on problems rather than syntax, to master programmatic constructs rather than syntax.

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
A directive that tells the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
An expression that is either true or false. 

6) What is a conditional statement?
Something that must be true in order for something to happen.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
 Multiple executions of statements.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
Local variable can be used by just one sprite and a global variable can be used by all of your sprites. 

9) What is a Boolean variable?
Only takes on a value of true or false, incidentally.

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
Any block whose label begins with "when." 

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
Blocks whose labels begin with "broadcast" signal events whereas blocks whose labels begin with "when" handle events.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
Nine sprites.

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
One thread.

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
Three threads.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support? Methods, parameters, return values, and inheritance and polymorphism.
